Add CWC 2021 news post (#5082)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2021-03-16-osu!catch-world-cup-2021-staff-and-mapper-applications.md

---
layout: post
title: "osu!catch World Cup 2021: Staff and Mapper Applications"
date: 2021-03-16 14:00:00 +0000
---

> I hope you've been saving up some good fruit puns, because the osu!catch World Cup 2021 is about to begin!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We hope you've been saving up some good fruit puns, because the osu!catch World Cup 2021 is about to begin, and we're looking for mappers, commentators and referees to help make it happen!
```

![](/wiki/shared/news/banners/OWC_Master_Logo.png)

> In this upcoming edition of the osu!catch World Cup 2021 we're looking for some positive changes inspired by previous tournaments. Without further ado, applications for staffing positions in the osu!catch World Cup 2021 have opened up - read on to find out more!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this upcoming edition of the osu!catch World Cup 2021, we're looking to implement some positive changes inspired by previous World Cups. To help with that, we're now taking on applications for a few critical staffing positions in the tournament  - read on to find out more!
```

## osu!catch World Cup 2021

### Mapper for custom CWC maps

> Following the trend of including custom maps, as seen in the past OWC 2020 and also in community tournaments like the recent AxS sixth edition, we'd also like to incorporate those into the mappool for the upcoming CWC 2021!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following the trend of including custom-made maps specifically for the tournament (as seen in the past OWC 2020 and also in community tournaments like the recent AxS sixth edition), we're also looking to hop aboard the bandwagon with some custom maps of our own in the pools for CWC 2021.
```

> Mappers of the osu!catch gamemode will now have the chance to help out creating exclusive maps for the CWC! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Are you a skilled osu!catch mapper and are interested in helping create some tailored challenges for some of the world's best and brightest players? This is your chance to get involved and leave your mark on the mapping world - forever!
```

> Required availability is from now on until the end of May - further details can be found on the application form. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're available from today all the way across the rest of May, check out the application form below and send us your details, we'd be delighted to work with you.
```

[Apply here](https://forms.gle/fP98XSM5h3hYb1Ex5) if you are interested in helping out!

### Commentator/Referee

> Commentators and referees aim to provide a great live viewing experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Commentators and referees help to keep the tournament running in tip-top shape. Though they may be very different skillsets, both of them are extremely important and we're currently in need of experienced (and/or enthusiastic) commentators and dedicated referees to help out.
```

> We are currently looking for experienced commentators for the osu!catch gamemode. This would require you to be available on weekends from late April to early June!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're experienced (or a really quick learner) in either field and available on weekends from late April to early June with a passion for all things fruity, you might just be exactly who we need - check out the form below and let us know, we'd love to hear from you.
```

[Apply here](https://forms.gle/XcpXMrYtGDZHVcmQ7) if you are interested in helping out either as a referee or a commentator!

## Schedule for the World Cups in 2021

> You'll find below the provisional schedule for the osu! World Cups this year. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is the provisional schedule for the World Cup schedule this year, including some tentative dates for when the osu!catch World Cup 2021 spools up and starts proper:
```

| Event | Timestamp |
| --: | :-- |
| TWC Registration Phase | Feb 4th – Feb 18th |
| Drawings | Feb 27th |
| Tournament Stages (ongoing) | Mar 6th - Apr 11th |
| CWC Registration Phase | Apr 1st - Apr 15th |
| Drawings | Apr 24th |
| Tournament Stages | May 1st - Jun 6th |
| MWC 4K Registration Phase | Jul 8th - Jul 22nd |
| Drawings | Jul 31st |
| Tournament Stages | Aug 7th - Sep 19th |
| OWC Registration Phase | Sep 16th - Sep 30th |
| Drawings | Oct 9th |
| Tournament Stages | Oct 16th - Nov 28th |

---

> Thank you berry much for the interest shown in helping out with the World Cups. We're apple-solutely convinced to make another grape CWC this year!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you berry much to those who are interested in helping out! We'll be apple-solutely excited to have you on board this year for another grape run of the osu!catch World Cup. Make sure to apply if you're keen, and we look forward to hearing from you soon!
```
